git switch and git restore commans (#70)
cybertec-postgresql/today-i-learned-content: posts/TEMPLATE/index.md

---
date: 2030-12-31 # Auto updates on publish.
title: New git commands: git switch & git restore!
author: pavlo.golub@cybertec.at
tags: ["git", "checkout", "development"]

> description: "Since git 2.23 git has new commands: git switch and git restore. They might help migrate from SVN" # max. 300 chars.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "git 2.23 introduces new commands: switch and restore. They might help aid migration efforts from SVN" # max. 300 chars.
```

---

> For a long time, I was working with SVN as my default version control system. I liked it a lot for clear syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a long time, I was working with SVN as my default version control system. I liked it a lot for its clear syntax.
```

> When I switched to the git, I was surprised how `git checkout` command is overloaded. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When I switched to the git, I was surprised how overloaded the `checkout` sub-command really is:
```

— You need to switch to another branch? Use `git checkout`. 

> — You need to revert modifications made to the files? Use `git checkout`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
— You need to revert modifications made to files? Use `git checkout`. 
```

In SVN you have separate commands for each of these tasks.

> Now starting from git 2.23 we have new official commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with git 2.23 we have new sub-commands to address this:
```
